DOC-3086 Added more direct detail pointing to the advice on archive-friendly cordapps (#272)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/4.7/enterprise/node/archiving/archiving-setup.md

You can use Archive service commands to mark archivable items in your vault, archive them, and restore transactions from the archive when necessary.

{{< note >}}

> Due to its in-memory design, the Archive Service is most effective and efficient for smaller ledgers & frequent archiving events. For scenarios that don't fit these constraints, you should consider building your required archiving logic within the application itself. this introduction incluldes advice on steps to [make your CorDapps archive-friendly](#making-archive-friendly-cordapps).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to its in-memory design, the Archive Service is most effective and efficient for smaller ledgers & frequent archiving events. For scenarios that don't fit these constraints, you should consider building your required archiving logic within the application itself. This introduction includes advice on [making your CorDapps archive-friendly](#making-archive-friendly-cordapps).
```

{{< /note >}}

The Archive Service consists of the following:

* [Archive Service CorDapp](#archive-service-cordapp)- which contains the necessary flows to mark and archive transactions.
* [Archive Service Client Library](archive-library) - which provides programmatic access to the archive service, and [exposes relevant APIs](archiving-apis).
* [Archive Service Command Line Interface](archiving-cli) - which allows you to perform archiving tasks from the command line.

It also makes use of the [Application Entity Manager](app-entity-manager) - which allows CorDapps to access off-ledger databases using JPA APIs.

{{< note >}}
The Archiving Service relies on the [Ledger Graph](/en/platform/corda/4.7/enterprise/node/operating/ledger-graph.md)functionality. For the Archiving Service to work correctly, the Ledger Graph must load your entire graph in memory to function.

> Unless you follow the guide for [making Archive-friendly CorDapps](#making-archive-friendly-cordapps)This can cause:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unless you follow the guide for [making Archive-friendly CorDapps](#making-archive-friendly-cordapps), this can cause:
```
